The objective of this project is to create a web-based software program that can control a franchise for car rentals. With the help of the software, the franchise will be able to keep track of every vehicle in their fleet, including information on the make, model, year of manufacture, color, type of transmission, cost per day, fuel type, number of doors and seats, and more. The franchise will also be able to handle reservations, including dates, hours, and places, as well as create client invoices and contracts.

The app will help workers of a car rental franchise coordinate their work and reduce the usage of paper-based documents. An agent can store all of his transactions in dedicated spaces within the application and can share them with other agents and with administrators. Moreover, the app is directly connected to the invoice system, so every transaction is kept track of, and a bill can be issued per customer’s choice. Another crucial feature for the agents is that they can now update all the vehicles that are being rented so that there is no contradiction between customers. 

In addition, our software will include other features that will facilitate the usage of the customers. One of them is the payment system which will be easy to use and completely safe for any user. The system will also support a catalog from which customers can read details for each car such as price and other specifications and make their decision. It is of paramount importance that the application maintains a reasonable ratio between being user-friendly and being professional. That being said the menus for the customers should be as friendly and as simple as possible however the views of agents and especially administrators must contain their dosage of professionalism since it is likely that the data provided to them will be used to compile official financial and legal documentation. 
 
Key importance when developing this app will be given to data security from the creation of a secure database to the encryption of sensitive information such as employees’ SSNs, etc. The users should at first be certain about their integrity and security when using the app and then enjoy the experience that the software offers. 

Project timeline:   The extent and complexity of the software's features will determine the project's timeline. For development and testing, a general estimate for a project like this may be between 6 and 12 months.

Development team: A project manager, software architects, UI/UX designers, frontend developers, backend developers, database developers, quality assurance engineers, and a technical writer will likely make up the development team for this project. For GPS tracking, marketing/advertising integration, and payment processing, the team could also have to collaborate with outside providers.	
